# Falgun Constants

In programming, there are times when you need a variable that holds a value which should never change. In such cases, you can declare the variable as a constant using the `const` keyword in Falgun.

Declaring a variable as a constant with `const` makes it `immutable and read-only`. This means once a constant is assigned a value, this value cannot be changed later in the program.

## Declaring a Constant
There are two ways to declare a constant in Falgun:

### 1. Typed Constants
Typed constants are declared with a specific type. This means you explicitly state the type of the constant when you declare it. Here's the syntax:

```
const <name>: <type> = <value>
```
In this syntax, `<name>` is the name of the constant, `<type>` is the type of the constant, and `<value>` is the value assigned to the constant.

### 2. Untyped Constants

Untyped constants are declared without specifying a type. In this case, the Falgun compiler will automatically infer the type of the constant from the assigned value. Here's the syntax:

```
const <name> = <value>
```
In this syntax, `<name>` is the name of the constant and `<value>` is the value assigned to the constant.

### Example
Here's an example of declaring both typed and untyped constants:

```ts
// Declaring a typed constant
const PI: float32 = 3.14;

// Declaring an untyped constant
const PI = 3.14;
```
In both cases, we're declaring a constant named PI and assigning it the value 3.14.

## Constant Rules
- Constant names follow the same naming rules as `variables`
- Constant names are usually written in uppercase letters (for easy identification and differentiation from variables)
- Constants can be declared both inside and outside of a function